cow business recap traps weekend French
rope and stranger things you go
83 Hopkins Indiana a sleepy little town
that's about to get bananas a D&D
campaign happens IOL when the bike path
home becomes the highway to hell where a
super secret government wars when to use
superpower kids with methods of
Bullivant they were just fine trying to
win the Cold War and freedom forest
poodles and the devil go ahead and the
telekinetic hangs with Davey club kids
and humiliates the school bully in
public blog Wade gets a run Mikey's
checklist but think she loves the most
is low cause breakfast there's joy some
Winona Ryder time hanging Christmas
lights for Supernatural Skype and hover
pill buffer on the beat is good and bad
cop cold cockin so hot and rockets add
dadbod mean wild Nancy wheelers waiver
in between the young chief owner and the
one and only Harrington and hooba kid
and he's a teenage dreams but she needed
cleanser BFF and turns her into a me she
was taken super south to aka the upside
down a monster with so many enough
control this freaky underground
treatment through the ceiling not a
creature you should mess it but
Louisville Slugger is remarkably
effective cranking 211 van flipped and
brain squish and gory brownie wins and
that demon back to purgatory
look at you Sahaj seems chill enough
until he pukes a slug blood death and
demonic dangers commie off guard there
was no disclaimer but when they do any
stuff I feel safer from
house
pages
[Music]
got me less
things we are still had
[Music]
eighty-four and more IP gets plugged
when Mad Max sets records on Dig Dug
renfa skating Cali girl boys fight for
her affection and the ladies want her
bro who's like cocaine that's Ascension
bad about she was Lily's new therapist
and he's also Shady honey don't say
there's a twist
Winona story with her doom the news feed
and hopper hides away with his Newton
broom leave an elegant angsty tries to
run from the pain though her birth
mama's toast recently the shifts it up
the shy should be super-powered action
but as more or less a showcase for some
eighties Punk fashion the tinfoil hat
sport and vodka shots John and Nancy get
busy in Azad garage what news reporter
Steve haters stealing his thunder so he
fires up a bromance with the toothless
wonder he found a creature in the trash
named the dark fetid nougat Bennet
gutted his cat he's fighting Lucas for
mass like he's pining for el put those
hormones I'm holes cut that vagina to
hell the demon inside buildings major
weakness is a sauna so they follow all
the messes as magellan up and rana
chamoy sacrifices as the Laskin father
figure le levitates and shufflin came
from still the darkest leaders too scary
that's a big fat no bro let's slow dance
to old jams in slow mo and preference
they like city la Poma todo
Buster's Reagan second turn and stop
hair disaffected that cigarettes in
this mess the town and
smash the town
that me
[Music]
same things we used to have
that was stranger things season 22 y'all
at this recap rap hope y'all enjoyed
that Joseph 80s nostalgia enjoy your
present daylight we'll see you next time
WAP hey everyone Brian here thanks so
much for watching I am very happy to
announce that you can now stream and
download all of our recap rap songs by
clicking the link right here and you can
also watch another dope video by
clicking the box right there anyway I'm
gonna go dance to toto some more in the
upside-down
[Music]